cuz you had me gather like this come on
back
so go Sonia Gurkha the one one more than
G Nene Kenya why he was invited to go to
manage register oh yeah yeah yeah
somewhat oh yeah
not a little of your attire so so how
this isn't it terrible Tolliver and
John John Adamson you don't enjoy
dominant there he sounds whoo laughter
ah
sankaranna tongue need I watched modern
day Libya today again an undead prince
returning got this funny Cheney San
Antonio Oh
oh oh oh come on told you like that so
ma Christian then I get to come home cuz
you gotta go back there Tony say
something then oh no one there I
couldn't move oh yeah girl mega burger
king jankoji keep the system working
booking their holiday so much harder so
we retooled hung up on capita cray
hey Kavita okay you're going to show you
what the cake il
throw us
what an attorney
yeah